---
Date: 2013-05-11
Title: 10 Essentials, Vol. 3
Tags: lists
---

The third volume of the 10 things I can't do without, inspired by [GQ](http://www.gq.com/about/10-essentials). The last edition was back in [2010](http://greekandcello.tumblr.com/post/1559875428).


1. iPhone. Since I got it less than two years ago, it's become an indispensable part of my life. As of late, I'm using it increasingly more for web browsing and reading articles ([Pocket](http://getpocket.com/) app). Follow-up post to come about my favorite apps.
2. MacBook Pro, 13-inch. It's such a joy to use for work and for play.
3. Levi's 510 super skinny jeans. Goes with everything I want to wear. Dress up or dress down.
4. Pocket tees. I get them in bunches at the T-shirt store back home. They're heavyweight and come in assorted colors. I keep it simple and prefer black, navy, gray, and heather gray.
5. Vans black classic slip-ons. They've been my go-to shoes for a number of years now.
6. Kleen Kanteen. I fill it with warm water in the office to start my day and for cold water at all other times.
7. Hair clippers. I cut my own hair.
6. North Face backpack. I bring it to work every day, to Jen's, or to Akina's when I stay the night. It has a compartment for my laptop, and I keep it packed with a notebook, headphones, device chargers, and toiletries.
8. New Balance running shoes. I'd been on the lookout for a good pair of minimal running shoes for the longest time before I found these. I use them when I go to the gym, go running, play basketball, tennis, etc.
10. Lodge cast iron dual pan set. I use this set (a deep skillet and shallow skillet that doubles as a lid) for almost all my cooking.