title: HAIM, OMCA, and Grégoire
date: 2013-12-15 
tags:
- daily
- food
- cooking
- reflection
- music
---

In my journey to expand my cooking repertoire, I bought salmon at Costco earler this week. I cooked the two filets two ways, one pan-fried and one roasted with oranges.

I've also been inspired to play guitar in earnest once again. I had a few jam sessions in my room this week. What motivated me? Well, I've been listening to the band [HAIM](http://haimtheband.com/) for the past few weeks. The first time I heard them, I was struck at how different their sound was than everything else that's out there. The more I listened the more interested I became, in their music and in their story. They are three sisters from L.A. who grew up on music. Their talent, especially that of guitarist Danielle, really impressed me. Sometimes I forget how much I used to love music. And I don't want to lose that part of my life.

Yesterday, I went with Jennifer and Brendan to the [Oakland Museum of California](http://www.museumca.org/). I learned a lot about the history of California, and much reflection and inspiration came out of the trip. For one, it got me thinking about how future generations will remember us, and how the work I do fits into that context. After all, I want to be remembered and have a hand in changing the course of history for the better. My mind was swimming, and I remained pensive for the rest of the evening. OMCA is on my short list of best museums I've visited, even though we only got to see one branch of the museum! There are two others we didn't get to see, so I'll definitely want to make another visit.

Tonight, I had dinner with Nina and Meghana in Berkeley, for the occasion that Meghana's moving away (to Dubai!). We played it by ear and walked to north side on my recommendation and ended up at [Grégoire](http://www.gregoirerestaurant.com/). I'm glad we did. It was terrific. Imagine, I had lived right around the corner from the restaurant for three years and had been there only once! I ordered cassoulet with duck confit, salted Iberian pork belly, and sausage. I tend not to eat out as much any more because it saves money and I love to cook, but once in a while is enjoyable. It keeps me inspired culinarily.

Inspiration, be it music, food, or otherwise, drives me to do what I do. At times it can seem difficult to find, but it's out there. Just takes a little practice.