title: 24th birthday
date: 2013-03-22
tags:
- reflection
- goals
- birthdays
---

Now that I'm older I don't like birthdays as much.

I've been in a pensive mood all day today, the eve of my 24th birthday. Honestly, I went through a mini-crisis today. Am I where I thought I would be/want to be at this point in my life?

I'm still getting used to full-time work schedule, but I'm finding it hard to fit in side projects. In the morning I'll get up and go to work. After work, I'll cook, eat dinner, wash the dishes, and before I know it it's 9:30 and I'm about ready to knock out in bed. I might read some blog posts, but don't really have any mental energy to create anything that requires a lot of concentration. 

Maybe I'm still far too early in my career to be thinking this. I'm at Vertigo to get real-world experience and learn as much as I can. Sometimes I'm not sure I'm the type to work for a boss, though. I wanna do my own thing. I wanna create great products. I wanna make a dent in the universe before I die. I'm definitely the type that lives to work, not work to live. 

It's probably true that a lot of my feelings right now are just because I'm turning a year older and they'll probably blow over in a few days. Part of me feels like I wasted so many good years in school. Five and half years is a long time to be doing any one thing. But my time in school was indispensable.

Goals for this year of my life:

- Get started investing
- Gain work experience
- Design and develop an iOS app and submit to the App Store
- Check in to places I go to using Foursquare so I can quantify myself, [Feltron-style](http://feltron.com/)
- Develop my writing style and improve verbal communication
- Improve my people skills (apply suggestions from *How to Win Friends and Influence People*)
- Take pictures
- Document my life
- Stay in shape
- Weekly assessments to improve myself
