title: Windshield
date: 2013-11-17
tags: [daily, projects]
---

I didn't have a good day Wednesday. 

I had a headache during the day, and on the drive home a rock hit the windshield, cracking it towards the bottom. When I got home, I researched what to do while I prepared dinner. By the time I finished eating, I found the crack had spidered up almost towards the top. I called the insurance company and filed a claim. Fortunately, the deductible put me out just a hundred bucks.

Later that night, I started having a stomachache on top of my headache. I really wasn't feeling well and was in bed by 9pm.

The next morning, the insurance company told me that the earliest the mechanic could come replace the windshield was after lunch. This, combined with my stomachache, forced me to just take the day off. I would try to get work done on my lyrics website, but couldn't concentrate. 

I didn't have much of an appetite until my stomach eased up in the evening. I made Malaysian chicken curry, and ate a bowl. Later that night, I watched the Warriors' Curry and others play the Oklahoma City Thunder. It was a truly entertatining game that came down to a last-second game-winning shot by the Warriors. So, the night turned out better than the previous day and a half.

The day off, albeit spent in physical pain, was a nice change of pace and a break from the monotony of routine. It also put things in perspective: you have to have your downs to have your ups. I deduced, after some research, that the cause of my stomach pain was eating too much broccoli that night. Apparently, since broccoli and similar vegetables are hard for the body to digest, eating too much can [cause excess intestinal gas](http://www.livestrong.com/article/349377-stomach-cramps-after-eating-broccoli/).

Oh, and this weekend, I didn't even leave the apartment. I continued to make improvements and adding features to my website, [llllyrics](http://llllyrics.com/). I did push-ups and watched Thanksgiving-themed *Good Eats* episodes as breaks.