title: Thoughts from Taiwan
date: 2014-09-14
tags:
- reflection
---

1. This was the first trip to Taiwan for me and Jen in which we weren't escorted by family. We had to find our own way this time, which made for a richer experience. We interacted more with locals. Our Chinese improved by virtue of having to communicate with others and needing to recognize characters in place names and menu items.
2. My newfound running hobby let me explore Taiwan's landscape on my own in the early mornings. I ran at the local elementary school track in Yizhu, in Taipei on the streets of the Shilin and Neihu districts, and up Elephant Mountain to catch the sunrise over Taipei 101. The only other people that were up at that hour were old folks who were also exercising. They greeted me good morning in Taiwanese and I greeted them back and I felt like I had been inducted into their secret club. I love the feeling of being awake while everyone else is still sleeping.
3. Where you live matters. And you can choose where you live. So why not love where you live? I can pretty easily pack my belongings (which aren't really that much), move to another city, find a job, make friends, and start a new life. Taipei is a particularly great city. The cost of living (food, housing, transportation) is relatively low. And its urban planning and design is impressive—public transportation is efficient and accessible; public spaces, like parks and basketball courts, are abundant; facilities are well-maintained. We took advantage of the popular city bike share program, YouBike, to zip from place to place as well as take in the sights.
4. Everywhere we went, people (be it family, family friends, or friends of family friends) went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. I even felt undeserving of such generosity. They picked us up. They drove us places. They let us stay at their homes. And when we left, they suggested we stay longer. And, of course, they offered us food. So much food. It was all very much appreciated and I can't thank them enough. I won't hesitate to offer the same level of hospitality to anyone that visits me in the future.
5. Food was the overarching theme of the trip. My most memorable experiences and interactions have revolved around it, from local breakfast shops, self-serve buffets, and night markets to elaborate lunches and dinners with family and friends. It was all so delicious and inspiring. I will be cooking only Taiwanese food for the next few months.
