title: "Fall's end"
tags:
  - daily
  - new york
  - reflection
  - food
date: 2015-12-20 09:14:42
---

After I decided to take the offer of full-time at Oak, I've gotten into a rhythm of working, cooking, reading, going on walks, exploring the city, playing basketball, and seeing friends.

I've been waking up super early, too. If I happen to wake up and I'm not tired, I'll just get up and start my day (even if it's 4:30). I love the feeling of being awake when no one else is. It gives me space, away from noise and chatter, to read, do some work, or reflect.

For meals, I've been keeping it simple, and vegetarian: typically some combination of matchstick potatoes, tomatoes, celery, eggs, leeks, corn, or broccoli stir-fried in sesame oil over rice, seasoned only with salt (though sometimes I'll add minced garlic or hot peppers, and chopped cilantro to finish). If I'm still hungry, I'll cook up oatmeal, stir in peanut butter, and top with persimmons or apples.

I've also been seeing an old friend from school, Sneha. We got ramen in Chelsea, walked to Brooklyn Bridge Park, played ping pong, visited [the Met](http://www.metmuseum.org/), and have been having discussions on Zen Buddhism. I imagine that's what people in past would do for entertainment, before movies and other passive activities (not to say that I don't like watching movies; my favorite part, though, is chatting about them afterwards). What a strange concept, right? To spend your free time on intellectual enrichment.

[One of the Buddhism-related readings](http://slbuddhists.org/inanutshell/brahmavihara.html) that's inspired me as of late was recommended by her; other essays and articles I've been reading include the usual favorites, like Paul Graham, Oliver Reichenstein, and David Foster Wallace.

---
I have to keep reminding myself that happiness lies in the everyday, because it's easy to think “I'll be happy when *this*” or “I'll be happy when *that*.” 

And for the first time in a long time, I'm happy with who I am and where I am. In any situation where you're unhappy, you can either accept it or change it. Anything in between serves no purpose.

Everywhere I've lived up to this point has had some degree of transience. But New York finally feels close to home. It's diverse, cultured, and walkable. I've heard it gets pretty cold in the winter, though, so we'll see if I still like it in a few months.
