title: July 4th
tags:
  - daily
  - july 4th
  - los angeles
  - oc
date: 2015-07-18 14:46:02
---



In early July, I'd still been going to design and developer meetups pretty regularly. I also met up with Renee a couple times to catch up and chat about work; she's at a design agency in Irvine.

Laura was in town for the July 4th weekend; on night of the 3rd, we went to 1000 steps beach along with a couple of her friends from Boston.

On the 4th, I had lunch with a girl I met earlier in the week, Misa. I was supposed to take her to a Japanese restaurant (she's from Japan), but it was closed for the holiday so we ate at a Taiwanese place nearby. In the evening, I met up with Randy, Brian, and Nasir for hot pot at Little Sheep, firework-watching at El Conejo Park, and then some beers at Randy's.

Josh, Joyce, and I took a day trip to LA on the 5th to see a house concert for classical music. When we got back home, we had Souplantation for dinner with Kristina and her friend Tina.

The next couple of days, Josh and I hung out and played music together. We saw Youmi in the park on the 6th, and made dinner plans on the 7th, and invited her friend Leah, Randy, and Brian. We had a nice dinner at a Cuban restaurant at the Lab in Costa Mesa.

I drove up to Venice on the 9th to visit an old friend from Berkeley, Bez; he's been working at a startup on Abbot Kinney, so we had a chat and he showed me around.

On the 11th, Brian stopped by in the late afternoon to play around with Josh's drum machine. Randy and Tiffany came over after dinner; the three of us took a stroll in the park around sunset and then listened to music afterwards.

During this time, I had also been talking with [Oak](http://oak.is), a design studio in New York. I'd been following their work for a some time, and by chance I emailed them late last month when I saw they had an internship opening. Last weekend, I told them I wanted to take it.

The job lasts three months. I leave on Sunday, and start on Monday.
