title: Labor Day
tags:
  - daily
  - food
  - new york
  - labor day
date: 2015-09-10 21:16:21
---

The past week was extremely busy, but fun. The project I'd been working for the last month and a half shipped on Tuesday, so I was focused on getting everything done in time. I put in extra hours in the mornings and evenings working from home, and a good chunk of the long weekend was spent in front of my laptop. I didn't mind at all, though, since it's work I like to do. It was exhilarating. I hadn't felt that way since I was back in school.

I'm proud of the end result. We all became experts in a framework and language that were completely new to us at the start. I learned a lot of lessons on this project, too—don't take shortcuts (they always catch up to you), don't settle for a hack, and be patient and deliberate.

On top of this, I moved apartments in the middle of the week. What little time I had not working was spent getting set up and settled into my new place. Funny story, actually:

I met my new roommates Monday night to get the keys, and my new roommate Justin helped me move the couch from my old apartment. Afterwards, I went for a walk around the complex and ended up helping two other people move in in separate instances (I was already sweaty, so it was fine). The first person I helped because the mover offered me 20 bucks help him carry large furniture. I was about to head home after that when I passed by a girl with a bunch of luggage who looked lost, so I offered to help. When she was able to track down her roommates, they came down and we all helped carry her stuff up to the apartment.

I didn't have time to get groceries and cook, so I ate out for lunch during the latter half of the week after I moved. I had cold-skin noodles, bánh mì ga, and a Cambodian coconut shrimp sandwich.

I played basketball in Brooklyn again on Saturday—it's something I look forward to every week. Later that night, the girl who I helped move earlier in the week and her roommates invited me over for dinner. I stopped by again on Sunday and Monday (Labor Day) to help them build IKEA furniture, and they treated me to dinner on Monday night.

Sunday, I finally saw Michael again, for Tibetan noodles in Jackson Heights, Queens. Monday morning, I walked to Chinatown for groceries and cooked a pot of lu rou for lunch.
