title: 'New York, pt. 1'
tags:
  - daily
  - food
  - new york
date: 2015-08-07 00:08:54
---

The first couple of weeks have been a whirlwind. I flew in the night of the 19th and started work the next morning. My flight was delayed too, so I ended up having to take a cab just to arrive at Michael and Parilee's apartment before 11pm. I remember being so tired those first few days, yet I had to figure everything out on the go. It was a bit of a culture shock at first, but I've adjusted.

The internship has been good, overall. The guys are super laid back, and I have a ton of freedom. Plus, they all have great taste and work on useful projects. The office is in Union Square, so there's a ton of lunch options nearby ([Taboonette](http://taboonette.com/) and [Num Pang](http://numpangnyc.com/) are right around the corner).

While staying at Michael and Parilee's, I'd take the subway to work in the mornings; in the evenings, I occasionally opted to walk home. It's a long walk (about an hour and a half to the Upper East Side), but there's no better way to see the city. Along the way, I passed by places like Rockefeller Center, the Empire State Building, and Times Square. Sometimes I'd stop in Central Park, eat a light dinner that I packed, and people-watch. On my first day off on Saturday, I explored Chinatown in the morning and got *ji tui fan* for lunch.

I've seen some friends while I've been here, too. Akina introduced me to [Xi'an Famous Foods](http://xianfoods.com/), and I've already been back to eat there multiple times (their cold-skin noodles have been the best thing I've eaten here so far). Laura was in town, too. I hung out with her in Brooklyn on Saturday; we saw the Brooklyn Museum with Kelly, strolled through Prospect Park with Dmitry, and then had dinner and drinks. I also had dinner the following week (soba in SoHo) with Carolyn, who I also knew from school.

This past Saturday, I played basketball in the morning with Dmitry in Crown Heights. I moved into my sublet in the East Village later that afternoon. I crammed into a crowded subway car and then labored down 14th Street carrying my stuff. The place was a mess when I arrived, but I've been slowly cleaning and making it feel like a home, somewhat. That night, I returned to Brooklyn for Dmitry's house party, and I saw even more people from Berkeley, like McKenna and Isi.
